#Questions

What errors, challenges did you face and how did you overcome them ?
Explain the scenario how you troubleshooted the error ? How did you find the error ? What was the error ? How did you fix it ?
What is elk ? How do you use it ? What is exactly does ? Why do we need it ?
How did each microservice work all together ? What services/applications were consuming them ? What services do these microservices consumed ?
Know which version of java, springboot, kafka, project reactor, MySQL we are using in UAT as well as production.
How did you write the configuratin files for these services ? What exactly do we need to write in the configuration files.
Try understanding what would you need to write if you were creating all these microservices from scratch ?
What is waterfall or Agile method ? what is SDLC ? Why do we need it and what exactly does 

UCIC
What is a microservice ? What exactly did you do ? What constitutes a microservice ? What files did you write and what do they signify and contain ?
What is an API contract ? How did you implement this ? What exactly did you do ?
What is stakeholder decision ? What comes under it ?
What is database schema design ? What exactly you need to do ? What did you do for SQL and what did you do for java ?
What are transaction ? How do you know there were 4k daily transactions ?
What is cron job ? Why do we need them ? 
What is retry, fallback, timeout, circuit breaker mechanisms ? How does this makes systems more reliable ?

PDF library Migration
What do you mean when you say "Migrating library from ItextPDF to PDFBox" ? How did you manage to do this across all backend services
	How many services were using them ?
What is CI/CD pipelines and how did you use this in the project ?
What is deployment and what is downtime ?
How do you know it is handling 30k requests daily ?

Account Aggregator
Created for credit under writing assesment.
How are you exchanging customer data securely ? base64 ? Thats it ?
Who were the other financial entities ?
What is a JSON request ?
	What does an HTTP request looks like ? What happens when its hits the service ? What happens if it fails regex ? What happens when the code fails
	What are the most popular status codes ? What are all the HTTP methods and explain them ? WHy do we need them ?
	Explain what is regexp and how you are using it ?
What is RESTful service ? Why is it called rest ? WHat does REST signify ?
Which 7 RESTful APIs did you consume ? 
What are SOAP APIs and how they are different from REST Apis ? How did you integrate both types of APIs ?
What is the difference b/w xml and json ?
What validations or checks were present on it ?
What are unit tests ? Why do we need them ? What does 80%+ coverage means ? What is the standard ? What tools are used here ?

Risk Categorization
What is refactoring and debugging ? What exactly did you debugged ? What error was present and how did you fix it using design patterns ?
What are most commonly used and implemented design patterns and which ones did you use ?
What is exception handling ? What exceptions occured ? What is the exception hirearchy ?
How did you optimized hibernate queries ? What is hibernate why do we need it ? How much of an impact it had ?
What is RCA and what it constitutes ? 
What were the 3 production fixes ? How did you measure the response time increased by 28% ? What is calculation metric ?
What is response time ?

Data Vault Integration
What were the 3 APIs ? 
What is Data Vault and its usage ?
What is schema validations and how did you conduct them ?
What is indexing ? How did you optimize it ?
What is latency ? How did you decrease it by 45% ? How did you measure the time and calculation ?

Projects
What is MVC architecture ?

Skills
What is HTML ?
What is CSS ?
What is JUnit ?
What is Maven ?
What is MongoDB ?
WHat is Hibernate ?
What is Kafka ?
What is AWS ? Where exactly did you use it and how ?
What is Docker and Kubernetes ?
What is GIT ?

























